MAINT: convert windrose ipywidgets and jsonpickle to optional dependencies (#368)
RocketPy-Team/RocketPy: docs/user/requirements.rst

Optional Packages
-----------------

> Optionally, you can install the following packages to allow for additional functionality:
> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Optionally, you can install the following packages to allow for additional functionalities when using the EnvironmentAnalysis class:

```

Optional Packages
-----------------

> Optionally, you can install timezonefinder to allow for automatic timezone detection when performing Environment Analysis.

Reviewer: I think this should include the other optional packages too

Author: Solved here: https://github.com/RocketPy-Team/RocketPy/pull/368/commits/8a45c7b896e5ef869ef2072b22e18e1e86f5e18a

Keep in mind that this package is not required to run RocketPy, but it can be useful if you want to perform Environment Analysis.
Furthermore, timezonefinder can only be used with Python 3.8+.

Similar to timezonefinder, you can install other optional packages, including:

- `windrose` : to allow for windrose plots when performing Environment Analysis,
- `ipywidgets` : to allow for gifs generation when performing Environment Analysis,
- `jsonpickle` : to allow for saving and loading of RocketPy objects.

You can install these packages by running the following lines in your preferred terminal:

.. code-block:: shell

    pip install "windrose>=1.6.8"
    pip install "ipywidgets>=7.6.3"
    pip install jsonpickle

> 

Reviewer: And this should be included in the part above. It makes more sense to me

Author: Solved here: https://github.com/RocketPy-Team/RocketPy/pull/368/commits/8a45c7b896e5ef869ef2072b22e18e1e86f5e18a

Yes, indeed it improved clarity, thanks!
